♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a
series of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
where Luffy forms an
alliance with Trafalgar Law.
He then faces off against
the master of the island,
Caesar Clown--
a twisted scientist
who experiments on humans.
The villain easily captures
Luffy and his allies.
Combining their own skills
with Law's strategic prowess,
the group escapes,
and finds temporary safety
inside Caesar's laboratory.
As you may have noticed,
the whole island is filled
with poison gas,
but there is a way out.
There's a passage that's
completely enclosed,
and it leads to the sea.
In that building, there's
a tall door marked "R-66."
That's the entrance to the
passage that leads to safety.
I'd rather not
massacre everybody here,
so here's the deal.
You have two hours to find
your way out, and if not,
I can't guarantee your safety.
There are prisoners here.
Young children who were
kidnapped two years ago.
Your mission is
to retrieve them,
then find the door
that's labeled R-66.
Not much longer, Momonosuke.
I will save you, I swear it!
Luffy, you hear me?
You have got to get it together!
We're in the New World!
Stakes are high!
Yeah, real sorry!
Won't happen again! Promise!
[NARRATOR]
With Luffy in the lead,
they delve further
into the laboratory,
hoping to capture
Caesar and rescue
the kidnapped children as they
make their way to safety.
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[LUFFY]
...UFO!
"Tashigi's Tears!
G-5's Desperate
Breakthrough Plan!"
[CAESAR CLOWN]
How did this happen?
[CAESAR CLOWN] How did they
get inside the building?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
The brokers are watching!
They saw this...
this humiliation!
They're closing in, Master.
The Straw Hats and marines
broke through our defenses and
are trying to push through
the lab toward the passage.
Damn it! What now?
What's our move?
[CHOPPER] That Master guy
really makes my skin crawl.
But at least I know
the others are okay now.
Thank goodness!
[CHOPPER]
Who gave me this note?
What does it mean?
Were they telling me
that Luffy and the others
could make it out on their own?
How did they get
free of that cage?
Who wrote this?
[CHOPPER]
I can't worry about that now.
I'm a doctor.
My focus should be
on the children.
Now that I know the
formula for the drug
and have the sedatives,
I can help them.
Hang in there, kids!
Whatever it takes,
I will heal you!
Huh? [gasps]
[CHOPPER] Shoot! I have
no idea which way to go!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Tell me what
my men are doing about this.
[SUBORDINATE A] Troops have
mobilized against them
in Building A.
The main unit, they're posted
at the back of Building B,
preparing to make a stand, sir.
Well. We know what
they're after.
Escape. A way off the island.
And that means we know
where they're heading.
They'll make a beeline for
Building R, and Gate 66.
[CAESAR CLOWN] But we can't
have that, now can we? No, no.
We stop them before
they get close. Ha!
Close the gate between
the two buildings,
and isolate Building A.
[CAESAR CLOWN] After that,
use the Experiment Cannon,
and let in Land of the Dead.
Sir, if we do that, we'll be
leaving our own guards to die.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You will do as I say!
And place a Surveillance
Snail, too. Do you hear me?
But, I-- Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
For the brokers' benefit,
we need to restart
this little experiment.
I have yet to
satisfactorily demonstrate
my scientific mastery for them.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Stop staring and move!
R-Right!
Ha. It's about time, fool.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hm?
What do you plan to do, Vergo?
[VERGO] Only a bunch of
idiots would fall for
the trap you're setting up.
You're not the only one
who would lose face
if we let Law and
Smoker get away.
I've got a stake in this, too.
I can't trust you to handle it.
I'll cut down whoever
and whatever I need to.
[VERGO]
Hmm? That's strange.
I can't find my sword.
Likely because
you're not a swordsman.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
Forgot that for a moment.
Still. I'll strike them down.
Every last one of them.
[SUBORDINATES yelling]
[LUFFY]
Caesar, where are you?
[SUBORDINATE D gasps]
[LUFFY grunting]
[MACHETE]
Do your worst, Straw Hat.
You won't get through me!
Huh?
[MACHETE laughs]
[MACHETE] I'm one of
Building B's gatekeepers.
In my pirate days, I was
called Run the Machete.
I serve the Master, and you are
his enemy, so you're dead!
Those don't look like
animal legs to me!
What the hell kind
of centaur are you?
You're freaky! Move!
[MACHETE]
Spider! Splat.
[SUBORDINATES yell, gasp]
[LUFFY]
Get outta my way!
[siren blaring]
[gasps]
[LUFFY gasps]
[siren blaring]
[LUFFY]
It's a huge tunnel!
[siren blaring]
[SMOKER]
Hey. Law! What's this siren?
It's a warning.
The gate in this building
is about to close,
cutting off the only passage
to Building B, boxing us in.
Caesar.
What did you think?
That he'd make it easy?
Your men better get moving,
or else they're
not making it out.
Heh.
[siren blaring]
I don't know what Law meant
when he said we only had
two hours to get out of here.
But I do know we're not gonna
let you get away, Straw Hats.
You've got nowhere to run!
[gasps]
Huh? What's happening now?
Back down.
[MARINES gasp]
Get out of our way!
[MARINE F groans]
Hot!
[MARINE H]
Cold!
Yeah! That's our
boys! Way to go!
[KIN'EMON]
Shall we charge?
Quick! Fire!
[MARINES groaning]
[BROOK yells]
It's almost over now!
We're going to find those
children and get them to safety.
Thanks for the ride,
Brownbeard. We owe you one.
Sure thing. I'm happy to help.
Although, I am curious why
you brought the dragon along.
[NAMI, USOPP, SANJI]
Huh?
[SANJI]
Uh, well...
Our original plan was to
get away from the poison gas
by flying on his back,
but he never even
got off the ground.
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh? He can't fly now because
he's been injected
with sedatives.
Even so, it would've
been a better idea
to leave him outside.
In here, he could
do a lot of damage.
He's dangerous? Really?
I think he's kinda cute, though.
This might be our only chance!
Let's take the
Straw Hats down now!
[MARINE P]
Get the pirate scum!
[ZORO] I thought I told you
to get out of our way!
Wha--? But Captain, why?
[ZORO]
Well hello, Copycat.
A captain now, huh?
What's wrong?
Don't want to fight me?
No. Get the hell out of here.
[BROOK] Yes, ma'am! Right away!
You have our thanks!
[MARINES]
Get back here!
Stop, G-5!
We don't have the time
to be fighting right now.
Head for the back
passage immediately!
[MARINES]
Huh?
The only way out of this
building's about to be sealed.
We need to get out now.
Caesar's ordered
the gate closed.
He's trying to fence us in.
This is our chance to escape.
If we don't make it out,
we'll be stuck on Punk Hazard.
Move fast or we die!
[MARINES]
No way!
[NAMI]
Huh?
Quick! Let's get moving.
You all heard the captain!
If we don't do as
she says, we're dead!
Come on, let's go!
Hurry up!
[MARINE BB]
Straight for the gate!
Don't stop for anything!
[MARINES yelling]
[siren blaring]
[ALL panting]
Well, that's taken care of.
Hey, where'd you run off to?
You're back!
Yes. Luffy asked me to do
a little favor for him.
You heard her, right?
The Navy captain.
Pick up the pace, Brownie.
We need to get out of here now!
That's impossible.
I can't go any faster!
[KIN'EMON] Ha! I'm sick to
death of all this running!
[ZORO]
What, you tired?
No!
[BROOK] I'm not a samurai,
so I have no problem saying it.
I'm tired!
Look! What the hell's
Brownbeard doing
helping out those pirates?
[SUBORDINATE M]
That bastard!
How could he even think
of betraying the Master?
[SUBORDINATE N] He's a traitor
to the great savior!
[SUBORDINATE M]
We'll figure it out later.
For now, we need to hurry!
[SUBORDINATES panting]
[MARINE DD] Come on, G-5!
We need to move faster!
[TASHIGI] The gate isn't
far now, men! Just keep running!
[MARINE BB]
It's gonna close any minute!
[MARINE DD]
Come on, come on!
[OPERATOR A]
Experiment Cannon, stand by.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
[OPERATOR A]
Target: Third Laboratory.
Outer wall of Building A.
[siren blaring]
[OPERATOR A]
Fire!
[TASHIGI gasps]
[MARINE X]
The wall's been breached!
Hey, wait, that means...
You have got to be kidding me!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE GG]
Quick! Run!
[NAMI, USOPP]
Hm?
[NAMI, USOPP scream]
What? What's wrong?
[BOTH scream]
Hurry!
[NAMI, USOPP] Go, Brownie!
Faster, faster! We're gonna die!
[USOPP]
Almost there now! You can do it!
[SMOKER] Go, Tashigi.
Help those fools escape.
The children, too.
[TASHIGI] Go, and don't
look back! Move it!
I've got this.
Come on, Captain!
[MARINE II gasps]
Help me!
[MARINE QQ]
Hey!
Just reach!
[gasps]
[siren blaring]
[MARINE RR]
It'll close any second now.
[MARINE SS] Anyone left
on this side will be a goner!
[MARINES panting]
[NAMI, USOPP]
Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster!
[USOPP screaming]
[BROWNBEARD]
Hang on, everybody!
[NAMI, USOPP scream]
[BROOK yells]
[USOPP, NAMI screaming]
Hey! We're through!
Yes, we are.
[BROOK laughs]
Just barely!
[MARINE JJ]
Wait! Where's the captain?
[MARINE KK]
I don't know!
She told us to go ahead
and not look back.
[MARINE JJ]
Huh?
[TASHIGI]
Don't stop! Keep running
straight through the gate!
Come on! Hurry! Hurry!
[MARINES chuckle]
[gasps] What are you doing?
Stop this! Put me down!
Not happening! Nope!
We've got you now!
[MARINE MM, LL] Yeah, we're not
gonna let our captain die!
[gasps]
[MARINES]
Goodbye!
[TASHIGI screams]
Hey! Captain just came
flying in through the gate!
[MARINE PP]
What's going on?
Glad you're safe.
But, how did you get here?
[TASHIGI]
Move out of my way!
There are still
marines out there!
I'm sorry!
It's way too dangerous!
[TASHIGI]
The gate is almost closed now!
I can't just leave them behind!
Let go of me! They're still
out there! I have to help them!
[MARINE NN]
You can't go out there!
You'll never make it.
[PIKE gasps]
No!
I have to save them.
Smoker told me.
He told me to
look out for the men!
Please! Just let me go!
[PIKE]
There isn't any time!
Are you all out of your minds?
Our men are in trouble, and we
need to get them to safety.
Now, I'm ordering you
to get out of my way!
[PIKE]
Sorry, Captain!
That's an order I can't follow.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Excellent, marines!
Our captain is safe.
You've done the Navy proud.
Thank you!
We'll take it from here.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Those scum!
I can't believe
so many of them survived!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
But nobody else will!
The rest of you are mine!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[NARRATOR] Immediately after
passing through the gate,
the G-5 soldiers are brutally
attacked by the notorious Vergo,
and the helpless Tashigi
can only weep at the sight of
her comrades being
felled by her superior.
Then, at just the right moment,
a certain Straw Hat appears.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Treacherous Vice Admiral!
Demon Bamboo Vergo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!